lcl|Query_88895	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88896	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88897	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88898	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88899	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88900	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88901	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88902	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88903	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88904	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88905	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88906	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88907	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88908	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88909	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88910	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88911	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88912	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88913	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88914	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88915	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88916	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88917	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88918	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88919	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88920	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88921	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88922	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88923	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88924	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88925	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88926	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88927	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88928	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88929	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88930	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value Ident  Len        Accession
lcl|Query_88931	Name            Name            Taxid      Score  Score cover Value  Ident  Len        Accession
